src/sample/4.md, before:

# Heading 1

Paragraphs are separated by a blank line.

2nd paragraph. _Italic_, **bold**, `monospace`. Itemized lists
look like:

-   this one
-   that one
-   the other one

Note that --- not considering the asterisk --- the actual text
content starts at 3-columns in.

> Block quotes are
> written like so.
>
> They can span multiple paragraphs,
> if you like.

With `smartyPants` set to true in the markdown module configuration, you can
format your content smartly:

-   Use 3 dashes `---` for an em-dash. (e.g. Note --- Its a cool day)
-   Use 2 dashes `--` for an en-dash or ranges (e.g. "It's all in chapters 12--14").
-   Three dots `...` will be converted to an ellipsis. (e.g. He goes on and on ...)
-   Straight quotes ( `"` and `'` ) will be converted to "curly double" and 'curly single'
-   Backticks-style quotes (<code>``like this''</code>) will be shown as curly entities as well

## Heading 2

Here is a numbered list:

1. first item
2. second item
3. third item

Note again how the actual text starts at 3 columns in (3 characters
from the left side).

Here's a code block sample:

    # Let me re-iterate ...
    for i in 1 .. 10 { do-something(i) }

As you probably guessed, indented 4 spaces. By the way, instead of
indenting the block, you can use delimited blocks, if you like:

```
define foobar() {
    print "Welcome to flavor country!";
}
```

(which makes copying & pasting easier). You can optionally mark the
delimited block for syntax highlighting with any code pretty CSS framework.

```python
import time
# Quick, count to ten!
for i in range(10):
    # (but not *too* quick)
    time.sleep(0.5)
    print i
```

### Heading 3

Now a nested list:

1. First, get these ingredients:

    - carrots
    - celery
    - lentils

2. Boil some water.

3. Dump everything in the pot and follow  
   this algorithm:
    - find wooden spoon
    - manage pot
        - uncover pot
        - stir
        - cover pot
        - balance wooden spoon precariously on pot handle
    - wait 10 minutes
    - goto first step (or shut off burner when done)

-   Do not bump wooden spoon or it will fall.

Notice again how text always lines up on at 3-space indents (including
that last line which continues item 3 above).

Here's a link to [a website](https://foo.bar). Here's a link to a [local
doc](local-doc.html). Here's a footnote [^1].

[^1]: Footnote text goes here.

### Tables

Tables can look like this:

| size | material    | color       |
| ---- | ----------- | ----------- |
| 9    | leather     | brown       |
| 10   | hemp canvas | natural     |
| 11   | glass       | transparent |

You can specify alignment for each column by adding colons to separator lines.
A colon at the left of the separator line will make the column left-aligned; a
colon on the right of the line will make the column right-aligned; colons at both
side means the column is center-aligned.

| Item     | Description | Value |
| :------- | :---------: | ----: |
| Computer | Desktop PC  | $1600 |
| Phone    |  iPhone 5s  |   $12 |
| Pipe     | Steel Pipe  |    $1 |

You can apply span-level formatting to the content of each cell using regular Markdown syntax:

| Function name | Description                |
| ------------- | -------------------------- |
| `help()`      | Display the help window.   |
| `destroy()`   | **Destroy your computer!** |

### Definition Lists

Apple
: Pomaceous fruit of plants of the genus Malus in
the family Rosaceae.

Orange
: The fruit of an evergreen tree of the genus Citrus.

Tomatoes
: There's no "e" in tomato.

You can put blank lines in between each of the above definition list lines to spread things
out more.

Apple

: Pomaceous fruit of plants of the genus Malus in
the family Rosaceae.

Orange

: The fruit of an evergreen tree of the genus Citrus.

Tomatoes

: There's no "e" in tomato.

You can also associate more than one term to a definition:

Term 1
Term 2

: Definition a

Term 3

: Definition b

### Other

#### Abbreviations

(Note heading 4 above)

Markdown Extra adds supports for abbreviations. How it works is pretty simple:

Create an abbreviation definition like this:

```
*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language
*[W3C]:  World Wide Web Consortium
```

_[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language
_[W3C]: World Wide Web Consortium

then, elsewhere in the document, write text such as:

The HTML specification
is maintained by the W3C.

and watch how the instance of those words in the text are highlighted.

Closing line below.

---

##### Done.

Commit message:

Update source for markdown sample file
Signed-off-by: sinzii <thangvx@newayict.com>

src/sample/4.md, after:

_I couldn't find the source of the markdown file :(_

# Heading 1

Paragraphs are separated by a blank line.

2nd paragraph. _Italic_, **bold**, `monospace`. Itemized lists
look like:

-   this one
-   that one
-   the other one

Note that --- not considering the asterisk --- the actual text
content starts at 3-columns in.

> Block quotes are
> written like so.
>
> They can span multiple paragraphs,
> if you like.

With `smartyPants` set to true in the markdown module configuration, you can
format your content smartly:

-   Use 3 dashes `---` for an em-dash. (e.g. Note --- Its a cool day)
-   Use 2 dashes `--` for an en-dash or ranges (e.g. "It's all in chapters 12--14").
-   Three dots `...` will be converted to an ellipsis. (e.g. He goes on and on ...)
-   Straight quotes ( `"` and `'` ) will be converted to "curly double" and 'curly single'
-   Backticks-style quotes (<code>``like this''</code>) will be shown as curly entities as well

## Heading 2

Here is a numbered list:

1. first item
2. second item
3. third item

Note again how the actual text starts at 3 columns in (3 characters
from the left side).

Here's a code block sample:

    # Let me re-iterate ...
    for i in 1 .. 10 { do-something(i) }

As you probably guessed, indented 4 spaces. By the way, instead of
indenting the block, you can use delimited blocks, if you like:

```
define foobar() {
    print "Welcome to flavor country!";
}
```

(which makes copying & pasting easier). You can optionally mark the
delimited block for syntax highlighting with any code pretty CSS framework.

```python
import time
# Quick, count to ten!
for i in range(10):
    # (but not *too* quick)
    time.sleep(0.5)
    print i
```

### Heading 3

Now a nested list:

1. First, get these ingredients:

    - carrots
    - celery
    - lentils

2. Boil some water.

3. Dump everything in the pot and follow  
   this algorithm:
    - find wooden spoon
    - manage pot
        - uncover pot
        - stir
        - cover pot
        - balance wooden spoon precariously on pot handle
    - wait 10 minutes
    - goto first step (or shut off burner when done)

-   Do not bump wooden spoon or it will fall.

Notice again how text always lines up on at 3-space indents (including
that last line which continues item 3 above).

Here's a link to [a website](https://foo.bar). Here's a link to a [local
doc](local-doc.html). Here's a footnote [^1].

[^1]: Footnote text goes here.

### Tables

Tables can look like this:

| size | material    | color       |
| ---- | ----------- | ----------- |
| 9    | leather     | brown       |
| 10   | hemp canvas | natural     |
| 11   | glass       | transparent |

You can specify alignment for each column by adding colons to separator lines.
A colon at the left of the separator line will make the column left-aligned; a
colon on the right of the line will make the column right-aligned; colons at both
side means the column is center-aligned.

| Item     | Description | Value |
| :------- | :---------: | ----: |
| Computer | Desktop PC  | $1600 |
| Phone    |  iPhone 5s  |   $12 |
| Pipe     | Steel Pipe  |    $1 |

You can apply span-level formatting to the content of each cell using regular Markdown syntax:

| Function name | Description                |
| ------------- | -------------------------- |
| `help()`      | Display the help window.   |
| `destroy()`   | **Destroy your computer!** |

### Definition Lists

Apple
: Pomaceous fruit of plants of the genus Malus in
the family Rosaceae.

Orange
: The fruit of an evergreen tree of the genus Citrus.

Tomatoes
: There's no "e" in tomato.

You can put blank lines in between each of the above definition list lines to spread things
out more.

Apple

: Pomaceous fruit of plants of the genus Malus in
the family Rosaceae.

Orange

: The fruit of an evergreen tree of the genus Citrus.

Tomatoes

: There's no "e" in tomato.

You can also associate more than one term to a definition:

Term 1
Term 2

: Definition a

Term 3

: Definition b

### Other

#### Abbreviations

(Note heading 4 above)

Markdown Extra adds supports for abbreviations. How it works is pretty simple:

Create an abbreviation definition like this:

```
*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language
*[W3C]:  World Wide Web Consortium
```

_[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language
_[W3C]: World Wide Web Consortium

then, elsewhere in the document, write text such as:

The HTML specification
is maintained by the W3C.

and watch how the instance of those words in the text are highlighted.

Closing line below.

---

##### Done.
